We're now going to move on to our comment service.
We need to make sure that any time someone creates a new comment, we once again emit an event over
to that event.
Plus, in this case, our event is going to look a little something like this.
It'll have a type of comet created.
And the data in this case will be the actual comment itself.
So once again, we're going to send this over to the event bus.
And the event bus is going to echo, so to speak, this event over to all of our different services.
We're going to once again see that we're going to get a couple of 400 for errors because, again, we
don't have anything on the services themselves to receive these events just yet.
All right.
So I'm going to change it.
Back over to my editor.
I'm going to find the comments service folder.
Here it is right here.
Inside there.
I'll open up the index file.
At the very top.
I'll get Axios.
I'll then go down to my code where I'm creating a new comment.
Here it is, right here.
Well, then add in right after we add in that new comment right there, or we push it into that array
or about right after.
That's really where we kind of save, so to speak, the comment.
I'll go ahead and we'll add in Axios dot post.
To local host Colon 4005.
Events.
And once again, the data or the event that we're going to send over is going to have a type of something
like comment created.
And a data property.
That's going to be the actual comment itself.
So remember a comment is going to have the comment ID some content and then in that case or in this
case, that is the entire comment.
But we're going to also add into this data property, another property of post ID, just to clarify
exactly what comment this thing is tied to.
So in this case, for data, I'm going to put in the.
ID of comment ID.
The content.
And then finally our post ID as well, which is available inside this request.
Handler Remember, it's technically in that parameter string right there or the root string, so we
can access it using rec params dot id, let's say post id is rec dot params id.
And then once again, I'm going to add on async to the wrapping function and await on the request itself.
So it looks good.
So let's test this out again.
I'm going to flip on over to my browser.
I'm going to find the post that we had just created, and I'll add in some comment and submit it.
I can refresh the page, see some comment up here, and then finally I'll go over to my terminal and
I'm going to expect to once again see a series of 404 errors coming out of our event bus.
Again, that's because we don't have anything inside of our services yet to actually receive these events.
Yes.
That looks good.
Well, at this point in time, we've now got two services that are emitting events whenever something
interesting happens.
So now we need to make sure that all of our services right now really just post and comments because
we've not yet created the query service has an endpoint where it can receive these events and then do
some processing on them.
If that service cares about the event that was just emitted in our scenario or in our case right now,
our post service and the common service don't really care whatsoever.
They just don't care about any incoming events out of the two that we've created and created and post
created.
But as soon as we make this query service, well, we're definitely going to have something that is
very much interested in some events that are coming out of our application.
So quick pause right here.
We're going to start putting this and this those two event or semi handlers together in just a moment.